## Using the `generate` Command

The `generate` command simplifies the creation of new domain and presentation elements in your project by following the principles of clean architecture and the MVVM pattern. Use this command to quickly generate repository files, use cases, entities, DTOs, validators, view models, views, and components.

### Operation

The command prompts the user for the domain, the type of file needed, and the name of the new element. It then uses Handlebars templates to generate files with these specifications.

### How to Execute the Command
To start the generation process, execute the following command in your terminal:
```bash
npm run generate
```
or, if you are using Yarn:
```bash
yarn run generate
```
or if you are using pnpm:
```bash
pnpm run generate
```

### Generation Steps

1. **Domain**: You will be asked to enter the domain concerned by the files to be generated. For example, `user` or `auth`.

2. **File Types**: A list of file types will appear. Use the search and select the file types you need for this domain.

3. **Name**: Enter the base name for your files. For example, if you enter `User`, it could generate `UserRepository`, `UserUseCase`, etc.

### Generation Example

Suppose you want to generate files for a new `auth` domain with an `AuthService` and associated DTOs. Here are the steps:
```bash
Which domain? auth
Which file type you need? (Use arrow keys to navigate)
> [ ] Repository
  [ ] Entity
  [ ] DTO
  [ ] UseCase
  [ ] ViewModel
  [ ] View
  [ ] Component
  ...
Which name? AuthService
```

After answering these questions, the `generate` command will create the appropriate files in the corresponding directories with content based on your Handlebars templates.

### File Conflicts

If a file already exists with the same name, the command will display an error to prevent overwriting existing content. You will then need to choose another name or check the existing file.
