
## Dependency Injection Management with Tsyringe
In this project, we use tsyringe to manage dependency injection. This allows us to define dependencies throughout the application in a decentralized manner and inject them where needed, without having to instantiate them manually.

### Configuration
The configuration of the dependency injection is located in the config folder, in a file named diConfig.ts. This file contains a setupDependencyInjection function that configures the bindings of interfaces to concrete implementations.

Here is an example of how the dependencies are registered:

```typescript
export function setupDependencyInjection() {
  // DateProvider is a singleton that uses DateFns for implementation.
  container.registerSingleton<DateProvider>(
    DI_TOKENS.dateProvider,
    DateFnsDateProvider,
  );

  // HttpClient is a singleton that uses KyHttpClient for implementation.
  container.registerSingleton<HttpClient>(
    DI_TOKENS.httpClient,
    KyHttpClient
  );

  // Specific configuration for HttpClient.
  container.register<typeof ky>(
    DI_TOKENS.httpClientConfig, {
      useValue: KyFactory.createInstance(new JsonParser(), HttpClientConfig),
    }
  );

  // Parser is a singleton that uses JsonParser for implementation.
  container.registerSingleton<Parser<string, unknown>>(
    DI_TOKENS.parser,
    JsonParser,
  );

  // Logger is a singleton that uses ConsoleLogger for implementation.
  container.registerSingleton<Logger>(
    DI_TOKENS.logger,
    ConsoleLogger
  );

  // FeatureFlagRepository uses an instance of LocalFeatureFlagRepository.
  container.register<FeatureFlagRepository>(
    DI_TOKENS.featureFlagRepository, {
      useValue: new LocalFeatureFlagRepository(
        new LocalFeatureFlagDatasource([new FeatureFlag("test", true)]),
      ),
    }
  );

  return container;
}
```

### Retrieving Dependencies
To retrieve classes or services from the dependency injection container, we have two main approaches:

- **Hook useDi**: A custom hook to retrieve services in hooks and React components. This allows for seamless integration with React component logic.

```typescript
const logger = useDi<Logger>(DI_TOKENS.logger);
```

- **Container from the route context**: Used to retrieve services in the route loader. This is useful for server-side operations or when initializing routes.

```typescript
loader: async ({ context, params }) => {
    const { container } = context;
    const getLeadById = container.resolve<GetLeadById>(GetLeadById);
    return getLeadById.execute({ id: params.dataId });
}
```

These methods ensure that components and services can access the dependencies they need without worrying about manually creating instances, which promotes loose coupling and better testability.

### Additional Information
`DI_TOKENS` play a pivotal role in the setup of dependency injection within your application, serving as unique identifiers for each dependency you wish to inject through the container. By defining a `DI_TOKENS` object with constant properties, you create a reference map for your services and dependencies that can be utilized throughout the code.

Each property of the `DI_TOKENS` object stands as a specific token. For instance, logger is a token that refers to the logging service within the application, while dateProvider represents the date provider to be used. Similarly, httpClient and httpClientConfig are tokens related to the configuration and implementation of the HTTP communication interface.

Using these tokens, you can request specific instances from the dependency injection container without needing to know the details of their implementation. For example, when retrieving the logger with `useDi<Logger>(DI_TOKENS.logger), the container knows which service to provide based on the specified token.

The primary purpose of this approach is to provide an easy and reliable means of managing the application's dependencies. Having a defined set of tokens that you can reference throughout your code simplifies the dependency injection process, making it safer and less prone to errors such as typos or name conflicts. It also makes the code cleaner and easier to understand, as the tokens provide a clear abstraction over the actual dependencies being used.