
## Use Case

Use cases describe scenarios in which users (or other systems) interact with your application. Each use case illustrates a specific process that provides value to the user, whether through adding, modifying, deleting, or retrieving information.

## Managing Use Cases

In the Clean Architecture MVVM model, a use case represents a specific action that the system can execute. Each use case receives a request (Request) and returns a response (Response) as defined in the `UseCase` interface and can also have dependencies injected such as validators or repositories (Repositories).

### Structure of a Use Case

A typical use case in our project will include the following components:

- **Request**: An object containing all the data required to execute the use case.
- **Response**: An object defining the data that the use case returns after execution.
- **Dependencies**: Services or objects that the use case needs to complete its task, such as data validators or data access repositories.

### Request and Response

Here is an example structure of Request and Response for a use case of creating a user account:

**Request (`CreateUserRequest`)**:

- `email`: String - The user's email address.
- `password`: String - The password chosen by the user.

**Response (`CreateUserResponse`)**:

- `userId`: String - The unique identifier of the new user.
- `success`: Boolean - An indicator of the account creation success.

### Dependency Injection

The use of dependency injection allows the use case to remain independent of the rest of the system and facilitates testing and maintenance. For example, a validator can be injected to validate the Request before proceeding with the execution of the use case.

```typescript
import {UseCase} from "#contracts/UseCase";
import {inject, injectable} from "tsyringe";
import type {CreateUserRequest} from "#domain/user/dto/createUser.request.ts";
import {CreateUserResponse} from "#domain/user/dto/createUser.response.ts";
import {CreateUserValidator} from "#domain/user/validator/createUser.validator.ts";
import {DI_TOKENS} from "#config/diTokens.ts";
import type {UserRepository} from "#domain/user/repositories/user.repository.ts";
import {validate} from "#decorator/validate";

@injectable()
export class CreateUserUseCase
    implements UseCase<CreateUserRequest, CreateUserResponse> {
    constructor(
        @inject(DI_TOKENS.userRepository)
        private readonly userRepository: UserRepository,
    ) {
    }

    @validate(CreateUserValidator)
    async execute(request: CreateUserRequest): Promise<CreateUserResponse> {
        const requestValidated =
            this.createUserValidator.validate(request);
        if (!requestValidated.isValid) {
            throw new Error(requestValidated.errors?.join("\n"));
        }
        const user = await this.userRepository.create(request);

        return {
            data: user,
        };
    }
}
```
